Update CONTRIBUTING.md (#132)
EVERSE-ResearchSoftware/RSQKit: CONTRIBUTING.md

3. Make sure that your changes in your fork/branch are tested and render correctly in the Web site.
4. Submit a pull request from your fork to RSQKit repository (this repository).
5. If you receive feedback, make changes on your fork and your pull request will update automatically.

Editorial Board Members will review pull requests and have a final say over what gets merged into RSQKit.

> [!NOTE]
> The reason why we recommend working in your own forks versus in a branch of this repository for collaborators who have push/write
> permissions to RSQKit repository is primarily because you can render your own forked version of RSQKit as a Web site more easily
> (which you cannot on the RSQKit repository which hosts a live/production Web site) and test what your changes will look like
> before creating a pull request. 
> It also allows reviewers to more easily check and test your changes and make sure everything is correct before merging to the main branch of RSQKit.
>
> [Another perspective on why you should fork][github-why-should-i-fork] - this will keep the RSQKit repository in a clean condition, having only official

> > branches and tags and cluttered by a large number of development or feature branches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> branches and tags and not cluttered by a large number of development or feature branches.
```

>

> > Finally, working in GitHub interface is convenient, but does not allow for spelling checks and loads of typos creap in this way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Finally, working in GitHub interface is convenient, but does not allow for spelling checking and lots of spelling mistakes can creep in this way.
```

> If you can - clone your fork and set up RSQKit locally on your machine, and edit files 
> in a good text editor with spelling checking capabilities.

### What *Not* to Contribute

At this point, we do not welcome contributions that create or change the underlying RSQKit infrastructure - for example, 
data files in `_data/` folder in the repository, `_config.yml` and other infrastructure files 
(such as CSS files, page templates and files in the `_includes/` folder).
If you think some of these files should be updated, please [contact the Editorial Board][contact].

## Contributor responsibilities

When contributing to this project, please keep in mind the following:

- It is your responsibility to make sure that the content you provide respects copyright. 

> - To avoid having to resolve many issues during the revision process, please check the Editor checklist and make sure you have complied with the requirements.

Reviewer: What's the 'Editor checklist' do we have one for RSQKit? or is this a placeholder for the future?
